as we came out of the white hole into
creation from the void into life we came
out of the divine spark and carry it
within us through worlds and dimensions
experiencing creation from the one to
the unlimited expressions of divinity we
are light as we first separated from the
Divine Spirit the one source we created
whole universes and worlds we wanted to
play in our creation and so we dived
into those worlds and as a creator
goddess and God created in them in the
time that it takes to have a cup of tea
sitting on a cloud whole star systems
are born go through their journey and
supernova to create Stardust and more
life the eternal cycle our creation so
beautiful we wanted to play in those
worlds as we went deeper into creation
watching over denser worlds holding the
light going deeper into creation liquid
like plasma moving through the
dimensions and communicating with life
in the universe's galaxies and solar
systems as we descended through many
levels of creation holding the light for
those deeper and density
until we too came into the furthest
extremes of our love our body on earth
for what a beautiful planet to come to
and to experience being in a body here
we learn about separation to have
descended and to hold the spark of light
within and to forget now the journey of
remembrance and awakening has begun
we have experienced jus ality and danced
with life and death the karmic wheel and
all the aspects of polarized energy we
do not have to wonder what this is we
experience it in our life every day and
the more polarized the experience the
greater the gift as we unify the pain
that we felt being separate from self
now we connect once more to the light
within in the light without